
1. For QRC users:                         

   For QRC users that use unified tech file(qrcTechFile), this techdir contains all the needed LPE 
   techfile information under each corner directory for each metalization scheme.
  
   For transistor level extraction users,please download the corresponding LVS rule deck and recompile 
   the techdir following below steps.

a.  Download (and un-tar) the QRC tech files; 
b.  Download (and un-tar) the corresponding LVS files; 
c.  Create lvsfile under QRC techdir; 
        * For Assura LVS/QRC flow, Run Assura LVS and copy the runname.xcn file to the QRC techdir
          and call it lvsfile; 
d.  Run Techgen -compilation -lvs lvsfile -p2lvs p2lvsfile in the QRC techdir with compilation command 
    option from TSMC PDK package. Sometimes, these option needs to be adjusted per user needs.
    In TSMC PDK the "assura_tech.lib" which equivalent to "techlib.defs" is completed for PDK user.


   For LEF/DEF/OA flow users:

a. Create an techlib.defs file to point to the completed QRC technology directory.  
   
2. For Assura-RCX users:
 
   For RCX users, this techdir contains all the needed RCX techfile information under each corner 
   for each metalization scheme. If TSMC does not provide LVS extract.rul file in the same tarball, 
   users need to download the corresponding LVS rule and recompile the techdir following below steps.

a.  Download (and un-tar) the QRC tech files; 
b.  Download (and un-tar) the corresponding LVS files; 
c.  Create lvsfile under QRC techdir; 
	* For Assura LVS/RCX flow, Run Assura LVS and copy the runname.xcn file to the QRC techdir
	  and call it lvsfile; 
	* For Calibre/RCX flow, Run calibre2rcx -r calibre.rul:lvsfile to create lvsfile
d.  Run capgen -C -Csw3d -lvs lvsfile -p2lvs p2lvsfile in the QRC techdir with compilation command 
    option from TSMC PDK package. Sometimes, these option needs to be adjusted per user needs.
    In TSMC PDK the "assura_tech.lib" which equivalent to "techlib.defs" is completed for PDK user.
    - Assura version is AV315 and above.

3. For FireIce QXC users:

   For QXC users, all QXC related data (ict,rcgenTechFile) under each corner for each metal. 
   rcgenTechFile is the equivalent RCgen techfile .tch
   - The tool version is EXT62HF2. 
